Add the outline and basics for this course! (#6)
fhdsl/Cancer_Imaging_Informatics: 01-intro.Rmd

## Target Audience  

The course is intended for students in the biomedical sciences and researchers who have been given imaging data and don't know what to do with it or would like an overview of the different imaging data types that are out there.

_This course is written for individuals who:_   

- Have imaging data and don’t know what to do with it.
- Want a basic overview of imaging data types.
- Want to find resources for processing and interpreting imaging data.

```{r, fig.alt="For individuals who: Have imaging data and don’t know what to do with it. Want a basic overview of their imaging data type. Want to find resources for processing and interpreting imaging data", out.width = "100%", echo = FALSE}
ottrpal::include_slide("https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ME0NbcIBmnHJRhX3JJyCwJuuomkl_BjJp6lD5oD5WnU/edit#slide=id.g116525eff64_0_96")
```

## Topics covered:

```{r, fig.alt=" ", out.width = "100%", echo = FALSE}
ottrpal::include_slide("https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ME0NbcIBmnHJRhX3JJyCwJuuomkl_BjJp6lD5oD5WnU/edit#slide=id.g11db7c97851_0_143")
```

## Motivation

> Cancer imaging data hold untold amounts of information regarding cancer biology but have particular challenges in handling these data properly. Cancer researchers are working to apply their expertise to the analysis of these vast amounts of data but training opportunities to properly equip them in these efforts can be sparse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cancer imaging data hold untold amounts of information regarding cancer biology, but there are intrinsic challenges in handling this particular type of data properly. Cancer researchers are working to apply their expertise to the analysis of these vast amounts of data but training opportunities to properly equip them in these efforts can be sparse.
```
